[EDU-1960] Add architecture articles to the platform section (#2623)
ably/docs: src/pages/docs/platform/architecture/fault-tolerance.mdx

## The core layer: Stateful resilience

The core, or channel processing layer, is where Ably processes messages for channels. Unlike the frontend layer, the core layer is stateful, which introduces additional complexity for fault tolerance. The stateful nature of this layer means that simply replacing a failed component is not sufficient; the state must be preserved or recovered to maintain service continuity.

When a core node fails, its state must be preserved or reconstructed to ensure continuity of service. The roles performed by the failed node must be transferred to other nodes in a way that maintains correctness. The system must ensure that during role transfers, messages are not lost, duplicated, or delivered out of order.

Ably implements several mechanisms to ensure fault tolerance in the stateful core layer. Channels are assigned to core nodes using consistent hashing, which minimizes the redistribution required when nodes are added or removed. This approach ensures that when a node fails, only the channels hosted on that node need to be relocated, rather than requiring a global reorganization of channel assignments.

> Critical state information is stored redundantly, often across multiple availability zones. This redundancy ensures that even if a node fails, the state required to resume processing is available elsewhere in the system. Message processing is designed to be transactional, ensuring that a message is either fully processed or not processed at all. This transactional approach prevents partial updates that could lead to inconsistent state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Critical state information is stored redundantly across multiple nodes. This redundancy ensures that even if a node fails, the state required to resume processing is available elsewhere in the system. Message processing is designed to be transactional, ensuring that a message is either fully processed or not processed at all. This transactional approach prevents partial updates that could lead to inconsistent state.
```

> Critical state information is stored redundantly, often across multiple availability zones. This redundancy ensures that even if a node fails, the state required to resume processing is available elsewhere in the system. Message processing is designed to be transactional, ensuring that a message is either fully processed or not processed at all. This transactional approach prevents partial updates that could lead to inconsistent state.

Author: b77ec120095617b99a5b43fb61dc82731224f02b
